Soustava -> soustava
astronome -> astronomie
zavededením -> zavedením
výyznamné -> významné
astronime -> astronomie
fyzální -> fyzikální
Vesmíru -> vesmíru
magnetického -> magnetické
atronomie -> astronomie
účině -> účinně
rentgenovská -> rentgenová
mikrovlná -> mikrovlnná
rentgenovské -> rentgenové
objekt -> objektu
Planetka -> Planeta
řekové -> Řekové
krerému -> kterému
Ptolemajos -> Ptolemaios
objekdy -> objekty
objekdy -> objekty
obýhaly -> obíhaly
obýhající -> obíhající
pozorovánými -> pozorovanými
těses -> tělesa
Issac -> Isaac
solou -> silou
proncipia -> Principia
naturalis -> Naturalis
mathematica -> Mathematica
vázana -> vázaná
epiptický -> ekliptický
Einstei -> Einstein
vekteré -> které
obýhající -> obíhající
mathematica -> Mathematica
principia -> Principia
naturalis -> Naturalis
Sluneční -> sluneční
vekteré -> které
pozorovánými -> pozorovanými
těses -> tělesa
vázana -> vázána
okosystémy -> ekosystémy
Biomů -> biomů
Russel -> Russell
požívá -> používá
metafysika -> metafyzika
metafysika -> metafyzika
analytické -> Analytická
discipliny -> disciplíny
filosofie -> filosofů
Sprengler -> Spengler
Německá -> Německý
společenské -> společenská
